Yes, I would like to introduce this one that I bought in Jason today
Yes here
Sold by buffalo
It's a wireless game controller
This is the main part but it has a very strange shape
This is what it says as a wireless game controller
It is a controller used when playing games
This is supposed to be connected by bluetooth
Communication method is bluetooth standard version 2.1
It is to say
If you go back
It is written here that it is g and js 1 h
It seems like this is a global project
When I search for the word g と と and is released from other than the buffalo i
It seems that there are many products
So from this is referred to as the original product of love Buffalo
It seems that the buffalo sells the thing of the standard such as g more .
8 This is it
Well I do not play games so much
It's about 500 yen here at Jason I think I'll try buying it for a bit
Was
Then I think I want to open a little
Hmm
I feel like this manual
Jar contains
I have 2 AAA batteries.
And here is the main body
We have to have a ipod touch 4th generation as a comparison of size
Well It is smaller than the feeling that I thought in something like this
Even when holding
I feel like this
I think it is easy to hold
If you take a closer look at the body
First of all , I write it here already
And here is the power button
So here's what led
The lamp is lit up and this part is
It is a joystick eh
in this way
You can move it vertically and horizontally
And here there is a vivo turn a button and here there is a c button
Oh dear
such as the nunchaku with or not come wii comes with b
It feels like
The rubber coating is generally done in a little slippery feeling
A little dirty, I think whether anxious But I'd feel you have to eat a little Ppe to
I will
I would like to turn on the power
I want to press and hold this power button
Then the al ed lamp starts to blink orange to meet
It means that the power was turned on by voice
Well, I can not use anything in this condition yet
As this is a bluetooth terminal
Well with a smartphone etc
It means that you will use it after pairing
The use of tearing is in the case of the xperia example introduced earlier in the video.
I want to pair Yes I struggled a little, but somehow I can pair
The
Rather than pairing from android settings
This g original exclusive application is out
There is an app called js 1 quick start
Here it is that there is faster to pairing from was found
Even this
Do you understand the joystick?
It works well towards you
It is for those of here g another with the official app
There is an item to try
If you try this, it looks like this
There is a simple app
You have won the game
This contains the g other operability for now
I can feel it
Of course I went to g original planning besides this
If it is a game
In this g original controller
Can play
For example, here galaxy
galaxy ace Come on ?
This game comes with a mark that z here in g original because here
Tap and play gamepad connection
g using the other To js 1 h device say Are you sure that you want to play
Now When you Jesus that you can question whether that dial temple is
Is it good with voice?
If you
Ah
And
Take y and capture station
I will
Now connected to g books and you are to
Yes, like this, it 's a great game over the camera .
Right here
Oh game King
A person who doesn't usually play games
I mean I do not know even the Well other Innovation example it looks like this
g There are several kinds of games for the original
I think I can use it for various things
You can also use it as a mouse by connecting to a computer like this
So, this time, I introduced a device called here g
It seems that there is really a great stock at Jason right now
We pile up and sell for 500 yen
Oh, it's 500 yen so it's easy to buy
It can also be used as a simple mouse
If you have an android device, you can use the game
Well maybe it's like android 4.0
I think I can get the cursor out with android
By So I think that can also be used in such applications
Well it's 500 yen and I think it might be interesting to try to buy it
This time, it has been sold from here i Buffalo g anymore To
The model number introduced the thing of js 1 h